# Project Title
Job Posting Recommendation Service based on User's Tech Stack and Personal Statement

For Korean version of README, [click here](README_ko.md).

## Duration
The development period was from June 1, 2023, to June 27, 2023.

## Description
This project is a backend service developed using Spring Boot, designed to recommend job postings to users based on their technical stack and personal statements. In an era where IT jobs are becoming increasingly diversified and specialized, it's challenging for many to find a role that fits them perfectly. As the number of languages and frameworks increase, individuals find it difficult to find a company that matches their tech stack. This service aims to reduce the difficulty users face in searching for a company that fits their profile. The development period was from June 1, 2023, to June 27, 2023.

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Motivation](#project-motivation)
2. [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)

## Project Motivation
In an era when IT jobs are becoming increasingly fragmented and diverse, it has become difficult to find which jobs best suit you.  
In addition, as the number of languages and frameworks increases, it becomes difficult to find a company that best fits your technology stack.  
This service is intended to simplify the process of finding a job by recommending job openings based on the user's skill stack and self-introduction.  

## Tech Stack
* **Spring Boot** - The primary framework used for backend development.
* **Amazon RDS & MySQL** - Used for storing user data on Amazon RDS using MySQL.
* **IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate** - The main IDE used for Spring Boot backend development.
* **Amazon EC2** - Used as the server for deploying the web application.
* **Amazon Route 53** - Used to provide the Domain Name System (DNS) web service.
* **AWS Certificate Manager** - Used to provide and manage SSL/TLS certificates.
* **Amazon S3** - Used to store and provide static files generated by the web application.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the following:

* Java Development Kit (JDK) 17

### Dependencies

This project uses the following Spring Boot Dependencies:

* Spring Boot DevTools
* Lombok
* Spring Web
* Spring Security
* Thymeleaf
* MySQL Driver
* Spring Data JPA
* jjwt-api
* jjwt-impl
* jjwt-jackson


## Contributing
If you find any bugs or have a feature request, please create an issue on GitHub.